fix: specify content type to application/json when it throws an invalid graphql request error (#2321)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

For `experimental_cache` with redis caching it now works with only a single Redis instance if you provide only one URL.

By [@bnjjj](https://github.com/bnjjj) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2310

## 🛠 Maintenance

### Specify content type to `application/json` when it throws an invalid GraphQL request error ([Issue #2320](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2320))

> When throwing a `INVALID_GRAPHQL_REQUEST` error, it nows specify the right content-type header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When throwing a `INVALID_GRAPHQL_REQUEST` error, it nows specify the right `content-type` header.
```

> When throwing a `INVALID_GRAPHQL_REQUEST` error, it nows specify the right `content-type` header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When throwing a `INVALID_GRAPHQL_REQUEST` error, it now specifies the right `content-type` header.
```
